[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello, this is
Michael Tellinger,
and I'd like to take
a journey of discovery
with you to look
into the ancient past
and see what kind of
wisdom we can pick up
from the ancient civilizations,
wisdom and information
and knowledge that
we can possibly
put to the use of humankind
today and into the future.
I've been traveling
around the world
and doing these lectures
on the origins of humankind
and a new social
structure called UBUNTU
and contributionism since 2006.
And what I find is that there is
a 100% level of dissatisfaction
with the people that I
come face to face with.
I've been asking the same
question over and over
again to all the
people in 10 years
that I've been talking
to and connecting with.
And that question
is, how many of you
are happy with the way
the world is going?
How many of you are
happy with your life?
How many of you
believe that you're
fulfilling your life's dreams?
How many of you believe
that the governments are
doing a great job and serving
the people that they're
supposed to serve?
And in 10 years, I can tell you
that not one person has ever
put up their hand to say that
they are happy with what's
going on in the world.
So clearly we have
a big problem,
and we need to find
solutions for this problem.
And in this series, we're
going to look into the past,
learn from the
ancient civilizations,
discover some phenomenal
and fascinating knowledge
and information, and
find a way to put
that ancient knowledge to use
for humanity into the future.
While some of the
knowledge and information
we're going to find
and discover might
seem dark and sinister and
depressing and quite scary
at times, I'd like you
to see it differently.
I'd like you to see it as
liberating and enlightening
information that will give us
the platform and the foundation
to build a new social structure
for humanity, a new foundation
into the future based on real
knowledge and information
about the human race and the
true history of this planet.
So let's start this journey.
What are we going to
talk about in the series?
We're going to
talk about origins
of humankind, ancient
vanished civilization.
We're going to talk about their
advanced technology, which
truly boggles the mind and shows
us how little we really know.
We're going to talk about
gold and this fascination
that humanity has had with gold
for so many thousands of years,
where that fascination
comes from,
and that we actually inherited
this fascination from the gods,
that it's not actually
our obsession,
that it's an obsession
of the so-called gods
that we inherited
as the human race.
We're going to talk
about astronomy.
We're going to talk about
geology, archaeology, physics,
mathematics, geophysics.
We're going to talk
about quantum physics
and this thing
called laws of nature
and this other interesting
area of research
called the nature of reality,
if we can actually call it
that because we find
out how little we really
know about the laws of nature
and this nature of reality
that we find ourselves in.
But the key thing
that we need to do
is, what are we going to
do with this information?
Because it's very
good getting all
this knowledge and information,
but what do we do with this?
If we don't put it to any good
use for humanity and our planet
and our future, it's all
a bloody waste of time.
So I suggest that we
learn from the ancients,
create this platform,
and find a solution
for this terrible situation
that every single one of us
finds ourselves in.
So we're going to start this
journey by connecting the dots
and going back into
the ancient past,
looking back into history, like
these famous statues on Easter
Island are looking back into
the past and into the future,
and gain critical
information that will allow
us to build this platform.
When we encounter these
ancient civilizations,
we find that they seem to
have so much more knowledge
and information about
who we are as a species
and our murky ancient history
and the origins of humankind.
And the one common
denominator that I have found
is that pretty much
all ancient cultures
that I've studied all tell us
that we come from the stars.
And yet that is not
what our history books,
our modern textbooks tell us.
They will deny it until
they are blue in the face.
So let's learn
from the ancients.
Let's absorb this
knowledge and information,
and let's give our
ancient civilizations
the credit they deserve
by learning from them.
What seems to have
become of humanity
is that we've become
a species with amnesia
because we know nothing about
who we are, where we come from,
and why we are here.
And this species
of amnesia seems
to have spread right
across the world.
No matter where you are, the
modern civilization today
seems to suffer from
the same disease.
Now, how do you create
a species with amnesia?
It seems to me that this
final assault on humanity
to create a species with amnesia
started around 500 years ago
when what I call the
thugs from Europe
started invading the free
lands, the free world,
invading the Americas,
invading Africa
and Asia and the Australias,
and started taking control
of the land, of the native
people, invading the land,
planting their
flags, and destroying
all the knowledge that was
held by those native people
around the world,
replacing their books,
replacing their literature
with Eurocentric history
books, Eurocentric religions,
and Eurocentric belief systems,
and over a 500-year period
very smoothly, very gently,
very subtly, and very cunningly
created a species with amnesia,
of whom we are all
members of today.
So who are we?
Where do we come from?
Why are we here?
The great human puzzle, the
three questions that most of us
have asked ourselves,
and we find
that when we look
into the ancient past,
the ancient cultures
and civilizations have
a lot of critical information
for us on those subjects.
Because if we don't know who
we are and where we come from,
how could we possibly think
we know where we are going?
And it's amazing when
you start peeling away
the layers of information
and the deception
through the millennia
and the hundreds of years
that preceded our current
state of disinformation.
The Gospel of Thomas is
a phenomenal example.
And in the Gospel
of Thomas, there's
an account of the disciples
asking Jesus a question.
And they ask him, tell
us how our end will be.
And Jesus replies, a
fascinating answer, he says,
have you discovered
then the beginning
that you look for the end?
For where the beginning
is, there will be the end.
Blessed is he who will take
his place in the beginning.
He will know the end and
will not experience death.
Now, when we realize
how little we
know about our human history,
certain things come to mind,
and we start to
remember that history
is written by the victors.
The fact that our history
books that we are presented
with at school and
at universities
are not really filled with
knowledge and information
but is really an agenda that
has been written by those that
have won the conflicts
and won the wars
and taken control of our
countries and our governments,
so if you talk to
somebody that spews forth
what they believe is knowledge
and information from history
books, just ask them.
How much do you really know
about our human history?
And I can tell you that we know
less about our human origins
than is permissible by
the laws of physics.
This is a spectacular statement.
How can we prove this?
And there's a very simple
mathematical equation
that I'll share with you.
But if history is written
by the victors, how much do
we really know about
certain historic events,
like Alexander the Great?
Who was he?
What did he really do?
All we know about Alexander is
that he conquered the world,
and he invaded countries,
raped and pillaged
and took over people's
lands and homes.
And we call him great?
Well, I don't think
that's a label that
deserves to be called great.
And for example, the event with
the Tower of Babel, how much
do we really know
about the events
that surrounded
the Tower of Babel,
this famous historic event?
We know very little.
In fact, the biblical event that
talks about the Tower of Babel
is completely out of
place and out of time
because during the time when
Babylon was already an empire
and the Tower of
Babel was being built,
people had already been
speaking many languages
around the world.
So the concept
of, let us go down
and destroy their language
for if they can do this
they can become like us,
is a nonsensical statement
because at that stage
the people were not
just speaking one language.
They were already
speaking many languages.
So clearly, there is a
deep deception encoded
into that historic event.
So let's continue with
this historic expose.
And when we go back in history
and look at our history books,
we learn from recent history.
Then we go further back in time.
And suddenly, at
one point in time,
we stumble upon this
very strict dividing line
where our history
becomes mythology.
Well, who decides when
history becomes mythology?
When does history
become mythology?
Suddenly, we find that
ancient cultures have
these gods and these beings
that they are fearful of
and that they worship
and they bring food to.
Well, I can tell you that
the Roman gods are not
imaginary beings.
They were very
real to the Romans.
They feared them.
They worshipped them.
They fed them, and
they obeyed them.
The Greeks didn't
think or believe
that their gods were
mythical or imaginary beings.
They were very
real to the Greeks,
and so were the Sumerians and
all other ancient cultures.
And we realized that there's a
very, very murky dividing line
between where history
ends and mythology begins.
So let's go back some 6,000
years to what we perceive
to be the beginning of the
current, modern civilization,
to the Sumerians and those
that just came before them
or that murky period
in human history.
And let's believe that at
that point in human history
we had 100% knowledge and
information about who we are,
where we come from, and why
we are here as a species
and that every year
we have one war.
So one war per annum that has
been very kind and generous
to history, and we only
lose 50% of the information
and knowledge by those
that win the wars.
And they only remove
50% of the knowledge,
so there's only a 50% loss
of knowledge and information.
So if we go back 6,000 years,
we start with 100% knowledge.
One year later, 5,999
years ago, we already
know 50% of what we knew the
year before, and so we go.
Knowledge and information
gets degraded so quickly
that by the time we
get seven or eight
years into this degradation
of knowledge and information,
we already know less than
1% of the original truth.
By the time we get to 124
years into civilization,
we know less than 10 to the
minus 34 of the original truth.
Now, that's a big number.
It's often referred to
as Planck's constant,
and possibly the smallest
number in existence.
Arguably, let's say that.
And so what this really
tells us is that 124
years into civilization, we know
less about our human origins
than is permissible by
the laws of physics.
So if anybody tells you
that they know about history
because they've read
the history books
are barking up the wrong tree.
We've all been lied to.
We've all been deceived,
and basically everything
we've been told and
taught is a lie.
And we have to start
from a clean slate.
We have to start
from a belief that we
need to acquire a new body of
knowledge and new information
with a clean slate
and start putting
the pieces of the puzzle of
our new knowledge, new body
of information,
that will give us
a direction into the
future for humanity
and this planet of ours.
One of the things
we find when we
start looking at
the ancient history
and ancient civilizations
is that human history
and the history of this planet
is a lot older, a lot stranger,
and far more exciting than
most of us could ever imagine.
It's like living our
own sci-fi movie,
living in our own horror
movie, to some extent,
but it's not what most
of us believe it is.
And the ancient sites that
many of us are familiar with
are much older than
we can imagine.
Stonehenge is one of
the greatest examples.
And if you just
look at the erosion
on the stones of
Stonehenge, it'll
give you a very clear hint.
First of all, very few
people are aware of the fact
that Stonehenge was actually
reconstructed in 1954.
I personally believe it
was a malicious attempt
to make Stonehenge appear a lot
more recent than it really is.
But by simply looking at the
stones, the giant megaliths
that stand there, and the
erosion on these stones,
it clearly tells us that
these are very ancient stones,
an ancient site.
The erosion is very, very old.
You cannot have sarsen stone
erode to such an extent
in a few thousand years.
And the example is
the one tall stone
in the middle of Stonehenge
that fell over at some stage
and broke.
The erosion on that
break is about 2 feet,
or 50 centimeters, of erosion on
a clean break of sarsen stone.
It's impossible for sarsen stone
to erode 50 centimeters of 2
feet in a few thousand years.
So what I'm telling you is
that Stonehenge is most likely
more than a million years old
and that the reconstruction
of Stonehenge in 1954 was a
malicious attempt to confuse us
and to make us believe that
human history is a lot younger
than most of us can realize.
One of the most popular books
in the world, the Bible,
tells us that when the gods
were on Earth, they were giants.
Now, when you go down to
the pub and you strike up
a conversation with
the guy next to you
and you say, hey, how
about those giants,
they probably think you're
talking about some sports team,
right?
But no, you'd be talking about
the giants in human history.
And this, when you bring
it up in conversation,
normally brings up, you know,
laughter and people giggling
and thinking you're joking.
And yet, the Bible
is full of references
of giants in our history.
In the Book of Numbers, it says,
"but the people who live there
are powerful, and the cities
are fortified and very large.
And we even saw the
descendants of Anak there."
And it continues
in Numbers 13:33.
It says, "we saw
the Nephilim there.
The descendants of Anak
come from the Nephilim.
We seemed like grasshoppers
in our own eyes,
and we looked the same to them."
What they're telling us is
that we look like grasshoppers
next to the giants.
So how large would a
giant be so that we looked
like grasshoppers next to them?
Well, before I show you
the evidence of that,
let's first analyze what
the Jewish Encyclopedia
has to say about
giants in the Bible.
It says, "according to
rabbinical tradition,
the Anakim are of
the same titanic race
as the Rephaim, the Nephilim,
the Gibborim, the Zamzummim,
and the Emim."
Now, most people will say, well,
I've heard of the Nephilim.
I've heard of the Anakim.
But that's where
they normally fall
short of understanding who
the Zamzummim, the Emim
and the Gibborim are.
And yet the Bible speaks
openly about these beings,
these titanic races
that were giants,
as if they knew exactly who they
were, the way we would refer
to the French, the
Polish, and the Germans
today without defining
who these people were.
And these were giants
in human history.
The giants in human history go
back thousands and thousands
of years, and all
ancient cultures
talk about giants
in our history.
Well, very close to where
I live in South Africa,
close to the Swaziland
border, there
is this phenomenal
giant footprint,
left in rough granite.
How the footprint can
appear in rough granite
is a deep mystery, and we will
cover that later in the series
because most people
will tell you
it's impossible to leave
a footprint in granite.
Well, they would be
wrong, and they would just
show their lack of
understanding and the very
little we know about
geology and the formation
of materials on this planet.
So we'll cover that later,
but this giant footprint is
spectacular because my
good friend, Klaus Dona,
from Austria, who is an
expert in ancient artifacts
and mysterious objects actually
found the remains of a giant,
about 7 and 1/2 meters
tall, probably about 23,
25 foot tall, in Ecuador.
He found a nose bone, a heel
bone, and a skull fragment that
were analyzed and
genetically analyzed
and confirmed that this was
a humanoid that would've been
about 7 and 1/2 meters tall.
Now, this clearly is a
beautiful example of how little
we know about our human history.
The giants in history carry
on, and at the University
of Witwatersrand in
Johannesburg, South Africa,
where I graduated in
1983 with pharmaceutics,
there is a fragment of a giant,
a bone that is left behind.
Originally, it was
discovered in 1960
in an ancient mine in Namibia.
And they found entire skeletons
and many more bone fragments,
but this is the only
remaining piece.
And it's kept in the vaults
of the Anthropological
Department of the
University of Witwatersrand.
It just shows you how these
spectacular examples of giants
are not on display
for people to see,
and they keep them away
from sight to the public.
The other famous
ancient artifact
that is kept in South
Africa is at the museum
in Port Elizabeth, the
city of Port Elizabeth,
and this is the
famous Boskop skull.
I had the privilege of actually
seeing the Boskop skull
next to a normal
human skull, and it
is estimated that these
people were about 25% to 30%
larger than normal human beings.
And once again, these
fragments of this Boskop skull
are kept in a box in the
basement of the museum,
not on display
for public to see,
the famous elongated skulls
that we find all over the world
now, just in South
America or Mexico.
We find them in the East.
We've been found them in
Europe, and these kind
of mysterious discoveries
keep coming out
of the woodwork on
a regular basis,
clearly indicating that
the history of our planet
is far more mysterious than
most of us can realize.
The famous discussion about
Akhenaten and Nefertiti
and who they really were, and
were they part of the Nephilim?
And all these speculations
about who they really were,
and then other
strange-looking creatures that
just make no sense in the
history of this planet based
on our current understanding,
on the timelines, who we are,
and the chronology of the
evolution of humanity,
it just doesn't make any sense.
Like this creature here,
this humanoid with horns
coming out of its skull,
what's going on here?
Clearly, we have a history here
that we know nothing about.
The giant gene seems to
be encoded in our DNA,
and every now and
then, giants just
pop out when least expected.
Here are some famous photographs
from more recent times,
from the mounds of
Ohio and a giant found
in the bog of
Ireland, just very,
very large humanoids that will
just be very swiftly removed
from prying human eyes
when they were discovered,
never to be seen again.
And at the heart of this
seems to be the Smithsonian.
The Smithsonian seems
to be the culprit
in removing all of this evidence
of giants around the world.
When you follow
the trail, you'll
see that they seem to always
arrive on site and location
and remove all the evidence,
never to be found again.
So giants in human history
go back thousands of years.
They are great
examples that you can
find when you start
examining this,
and it's not a hidden secret
in alternative circles.
But in mainstream history,
mainstream archaeology,
it is a taboo subject,
not to be discussed.
This is a great example
of a giant, probably
about 5 meters or 15 feet tall.
This bone was found by an
American archaeologists
in the '30s, somewhere
in the Middle East,
and then brought to the USA.
This is a finger of a giant
that was seen and photographed
by a tourist by the name
of Gregor Sporri in 1988.
Apparently, he paid $300 to see
this giant mummified finger.
How big is it?
Well, have a look
at the giant finger
next to a 20-pound
Egyptian note,
to give you an idea how
large this individual would
have been.
And then we have the
Egyptian paintings
that showed us the
very large beings
next to the very small beings.
Some people say
it's perspective.
Well, I claim it's not.
I believe that it's
really showing us
that there were very
large beings and then very
small beings, or normal
beings, next to the giants that
used to live in Egypt in
that part of the world.
And then the tiny
humanoids that have
been found around the world that
clearly boggle our mind, just
to highlight the fact how
mysterious the history
of this planet truly is, but
some of the greatest mystery
we find in ancient texts, the
mystery that relates to who we
are and where we come from and
why we are here as a species.
And then many of these texts
are also filled with deceptions.
I believe that one of the
greatest deceptions that
has been imposed
on humanity comes
in the most popular book on this
planet, and that is the Bible.
The opening phrase of the Bible
has clearly been manipulated.
We all believe that the
opening phrase of the Bible
says, "In the
beginning, God created
the heavens and the Earth."
Well, that is no longer the
case because this man here,
Michael Ledwith,
who, as you can see,
kept some very
interesting company
for 17 years of his
life, he was the adviser
to the popes at the Vatican.
Michael is a
walking encyclopedia
and one of the wisest
men I've ever met,
and he knows so much about
this ancient history.
He's a scholar of the Bible,
scholar of the Hebrew language,
and he found while
he was studying
that the opening text
of the Hebrew Bible
does not start with the
first letter of the Hebrew
alphabet, aleph, or the
A in the Hebrew alphabet.
All sacred texts must begin with
the first letter of the Hebrew
alphabet, which is A, or aleph.
Well, at the moment, the
current reading in Hebrew
says [HEBREW], which doesn't
even make grammatical sense
if you break it down.
And we clearly see that the
first statement in the Hebrew
Bible starts with beth,
the second letter, or B,
second letter of the alphabet,
and that should not happen.
When Michael inserted A, or
aleph, it suddenly says, abba.
Abba means father, and suddenly
it changes that opening
statement completely.
It now says, "the
father of the beginnings
created the Elohim, the
heavens, and the Earth."
What does that do?
It changes everything.
It suddenly brings Judeo
Christianity in line
with all ancient cultures
and ancient civilizations
when we know there is a father
of the beginnings, a source
for all creation,
and that source seems
to be sound and resonance.
And this resonates with
all ancient civilizations
when they tell us
that everything
was brought into creation
by sound and resonance.
And the common denominator
in this sound and resonance
had brought things
into existence.
The common denominator
on planet Earth
and the common denominator
between humanity
and all ancient cultures
is our obsession with gold.
This brings us to the
end of this episode.
In the next episode, we'll
explore this obsession
with gold, human history,
human origins, and the reason
for our obsession with gold,
why we have this obsession,
and that it is almost
impossible to separate humanity,
our origins, and our obsession
for this thing called gold.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.